1 Terms of Use
  TeamFlos is offering you a service, which is conditioned on your acceptance, without any modification whatsoever to the following terms, conditions, and notices.

  By visiting and/or using the services offered by this site (https://phira.moe), the Phira game client or any affiliated services (henceforth referenced as "Phira"), you are acknowledging your full compliance to the terms and conditions listed here, and that you warrant that you will not use this web site, or any of the content obtained from this web site, for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms.

  In addition to this policy, please also make sure to visit and understand our Privacy Policy

  1.1 DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
  Phira provides online gameplay services free of charge to end users, along with online rankings. Phira also provides users with a means of hosting user-generated content allowing other users to gain access to uploaded content.

  The Phira management make no guarantees as to whether any user-uploaded content and information is accurate, current, or of substantial quality.
  We assume no responsibility as to whether objectionable content has been uploaded.
  We assume no responsibility over whether users have the rights to distribute uploaded content.

  1.2 MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS OF USE
  Phira may change the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use from time to time.

  Your failure to abide by the modified terms may result in termination of your Phira service. You agree that your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to the modified terms of the Terms of Use.

  1.3 MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
  Phira reserves the right to modify or discontinue the service with or without notice to user.

  Phira shall not be liable to user or any third party should Phira exercise its right to modify or discontinue the service.

  1.4 DISCLAIMER
  The materials are provided on an 'as is' basis. Phira makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

  Further, Phira does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials or otherwise relating to such materials.

  Finally, Phira is not obligated, expressed or implied, to provide any maintenance, technical or other support for its services.

  1.5 INDEMNITY
  If, due to:

  (i) Your use of and access to Phira;
  (ii) Your violation of any conditions of these Terms of Use;
  (iii) Your infringement of any third-party rights, including but not limited to any copyright, property, or privacy rights;
  (iv) The harm caused to third parties by the content you uploaded;
  (v) Other situations for which you should be liable.

  Phira may face losses. You agree to proactively resolve disputes and make necessary compensation to protect Phira, its parent organization, officers, directors, employees, and agents from any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees).

  This liability shall survive these Terms of Use and your use of Phira.
  
  1.6 YOUR USE OF PHIRA'S CONTENT
  You understand that when using the Phira, you will be exposed to user submissions from a variety of sources, and that Phira is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such user submissions.
  You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to user submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Phira with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold Phira, its Owners/Operators, affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the site.

  1.7 USER SUBMISSIONS AND CONTENT REMOVAL
  You shall be solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with user submissions, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: you own or have the necessary licences, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorise Phira to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all user submissions to enable inclusion and use of the user submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Use.
  In connection with user submissions, you further agree that you will not submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Phira all of the licence rights granted herein.

  Phira does not endorse any user submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Phira expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user submissions.
  Phira does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its Website, and Phira will remove all content and user submissions if properly notified that such content or user submission infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
  Phira reserves the right to remove content and user submission without prior notice.
  
  1.8 PRIVACY POLICIES
  See Privacy Policy.

  1.9 PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO CONTENT
  User acknowledges that content, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics, name references or other material contained in either sponsor advertisements search results, provided to or accessed by user via the service ("content") by Phira, is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws; therefore, user is only permitted to use this content as expressly authorised by the service.
  User may not copy, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works from this content without expressly having explicit authorization from the service.

  1.10 LINKS
  Phira may provide, or users may include in e-mail, links to other websites or resources.
  User acknowledges and agrees that Phira is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
  User agrees that Phira shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.

  1.11 GOVERNING LAW
  These terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China, and shall be interpreted accordingly.

  1.12 ATTRIBUTION
  Portions of this text are based on the "osu! Terms of Service" and "Cytoid Terms of Service", licensed under CC-BY-NC 4.0.


2 Privacy Policy
  Phira is an community-based rhythm game, serving players from all over the globe. In order to provide the service, we must often collect, store and transmit personal information. We pay continuous effort to make the process as transparent as possible.

  By using our service, you confirm that you have read and understood the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, including how and why we use your information and that your use of the service is subject to the applicable Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.

  2.1 Information we collect
  2.1.1 Registration
  On registering an account, we have to collect and store:

    1. Your email address
    2. Your username
    3. You password (encrypted securely with PBKDF2, SHA512)
    4. You locale preference

  Only your username and locale is implicitly made public. We won't sell your email address to third parties.

  2.1.2 Logging in
  On login, we collect and store your:

    1. IP address
    Your IP address will never be publicly visible.

  2.2 Disclosures of your personal data
  We don't disclose your personal data without your consent, with the following exceptions:

    1. Your username, locale, play records, registration time and login time.
    2. You have expressly made information public.
    3. According to relevant legal provisions or upon requests from administrative or judicial authorities, we have to disclose to third parties or administrative/judicial bodies.
    4. In cases of any violations of relevant People's Republic of China's laws, regulations, Phira's Terms of Use, or related rules, and it's necessary to disclose your data to third parties.
    5. When such action is necessary to enforce Phira's Terms of Use.

  2.3 Cookies
  We use cookies to maintain your sessions state. We won't track your online activities using cookies.

  2.4 Data security
  We strive to keep your information safe. However, it's impossible to guarantee that our system is unbreakable. Under that scenario, we'll do our best to prevent leakage of your data.

  2.5 Updates
  We reserve the rights to update this Privacy Policy. On updating, we'll make announcements on our websites and applications.